New module: css inline layout (#36582)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/css_inline_layout/index.md

---
title: CSS inline layout
slug: Web/CSS/CSS_inline_layout
page-type: css-module
spec-urls: https://drafts.csswg.org/css-inline
---

{{CSSRef}}

> The **CSS inline layout** module defines the block-axis alignment and sizing of inline-level content, and adds a special layout mode for drop-caps. It describes the CSS formatting model for a flow of elements and text inside of a container to be wrapped into lines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **CSS inline layout** module defines the block-axis alignment and sizing of inline-level content and adds a special layout mode for drop-caps. It describes the CSS formatting model for a flow of elements and text inside a container to be wrapped across multiple lines.
```
